Q1.What outcomes and patterns do you observe in your simulation?
When the population of hares increases over time, the population of lynxes also increases since there is more preys
for the predator. However, the increased number of lynxes caused more hares to be captured. The population of hares
then starts to decrease. As there is less food for lynxes, there will be a decline in the population of lynxes.
And then, fewer predators make it easier for hares to survive, resulting in an increasing population of hares. Most
of the time, this pattern is consistent for 500 years simulation.

Q2.How does adding the spacial component affect the behavior of your simulation?
Adding grass to the simulation makes the population of hare more stable, resulting in the overall relatively stable
system as compared to the former assignment of simulation where hares don't consume anything, which caused its
population totally depends on the population of lynxes, which is less stable. The population of hare is now
affected by the amount of grass and the population of lynxes within that square. Moreover, this simulation taking many
squares of simulation and allowing the animals to migrate also makes the whole world more stable since there is not
only one simulation and the animals can look for food in other regions.

Q3.What aspects seem to be the most realistic?
I think the most realistic part is that in this simulation, we consider the factor of grass as a source of food for
the hares. In the former one, hares don't need to eat anything, which does not simulate the real-world. Also, it is realistic that when the grassland is lack of vegetation, the hares will
leave and migrate to the nearby grassland instead of directly died off. In addition, the constraint that simulation
of hares and lynxes for squares only occurs in grassland is also realistic since the these two animals can't live in
the river or mountain.

Q4.What are the main shortcomings of your simulation?
The first shortcoming is that we assume both animals couldn't pass through rivers and mountains. So, regions of rivers
and mountains are like the border in the "world" that consists of many square of simulation. In fact, lynxes are good
swimmers, so they can cross rivers. Also, another shortage of this simulation is that the circles drawn on each square
depends on the square size multiplied by the ratio of preys and predators. So, if there is a huge difference between
the population of the two animals, then the size of circle of lynxes will be extremely small as compared to the one of
hares, which makes the white circle (circle of lynxes) not very apparent. It will look like a small white point next to
a huge yellow circle (circle of hares). My simulation also has a limit of the total rows and cols since the whole frame
is 1000 pixels, and the square size is 100 pixels, so there can't be more than 10 rows and 10 cols.

Q5.Given more time (and/or knowledge and/or resources), how could you improve your simulation?
I would like to make the lynxes able to cross the river, which means there are more squares lynxes can pass through and
travel to. The improvement can also be made by including the factor of the weather. If the weather is good, the grass
grow faster. If it is not, the grass grow slower. Also, the season can also be considered since there is
a drop in water level of the river in winter months. Less water flowing or river water may allow both hares and lynxes
cross the river. I will also try to improve the representation of population of hares and lynxes, making it more obvious.
